18 years ago, the Mojiao slaughtered my sect
Kill my sister
money
I want you all to be buried with him
You give it to me.
Don't scare me don't scare me
The blood feud of the past was actually the three of us brothers
I will make you pay with blood
Little Junior Sister
You can finally rest in peace
Die for me no no no
Don't kill me, others think they're not dead yet
Pardon me?
We were supposed to kill him
He suddenly shows up with a white card and walks away
Is he alone?
Could it be that the little junior sister is not dead yet?
Brother and sister, he is not dead yet.
He must be somewhere
Waiting for us to find him
Men give me orders
Jedi three feet
I must also find the whereabouts of the little junior sister
It is the order of His Highness
Call on all forces in the palace
Find the whereabouts of the little sister
If someone in the know provides clues
This Highness rewards 10,000 taels of gold
Yes
Order Zhongzhou Shikoku to enter the sea
Be sure to find the little junior sister
Junior brother
Since the little sister is still alive
Then he will definitely bring the golden man
As long as we operate Qijun in four pieces
There will definitely be a few reincarnations in a foreign land
At that time, we tried our best to find
We'll find him.